Remove query of size for past PnL reports (#6163)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

* :bug:`-` ENS avatar fetching for each name's avatar should now work for all name resolvers. Even older or custom ones.
* :bug:`-` Users will now be able to decode compounding transactions for Convex gauges.

> * :feature:`-` Users will now be able to load faster the profit and loss reports page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :feature:`-` The PnL report page will load faster if there is many old reports in the DB
```
